Add docs for 'csr_accessor' class (#2515)
oneapi-src/oneDAL: docs/source/onedal/glossary.rst

        An object :math:`G=(V;E)` that consists of two sets, :math:`V` and :math:`E`,
        where :math:`V` is a finite nonempty set, :math:`E` is a finite set that may
        be empty, and the elements of :math:`E` are two-element subsets of :math:`V`.
        :math:`V` is called a set of vertices, :math:`E` is called a set of edges [Gross2014]_.

    Subgraph
        A graph :math:`H = (V'; E')` is called a subgraph of graph :math:`G = (V; E)` if

>         :math:`V' \subseteq V; E' \subseteq E` and :math:`V'` contains all the endpoints of all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        :math:`V' \subseteq V; E' \subseteq E` and :math:`V'` contain all endpoints of all 
```
